entry-content">

 Welcome everyone! Today, it is I – Quaximi – who will be bringing you some updates on what we have been working on. 

 And since most of the keys tend to be at the bottom of the page, I thought that I’ll be evil and put mine at the top. Enjoy! WUML-S6JD-VPK7-1XPX (Use at https://rotf.io/register ) 

 Jello-pocalypse! 

 Below you will find a video showcasing an environment for the Gelatinous Palace – one of the many biomes you’ll be able to come across whilst exploring various realms. Everything related to Gelatinous Palace has been sprited by the talented Mr. Foucs. 🙂 

 Although the palace will be something you’ll explore more in the biome’s dungeon, in the realm, you’ll come across a once lushful and beautiful cotton-candy forest, which has now been mostly taken over by the ever-hungry jello. You’ll explore the jellified forest in hopes of finding the lord, and getting access to the palace—all while fighting off the incoming jellies, trying not to join the jellified corpses scattered around the biome. 

 The Gelatinous Palace is directed towards early-game characters, and although we aren’t able to showcase its monsters in today’s post (behaviors are still in-progress), here is a little peek at the different enemies you’ll battle on your way to the palace. 

 And yes, they taste pretty good as well… 🙂 

 The potions! 

 As a continued effort, our local developers – patpot and Miniguy – have been making steady progress on implementing anticipated features, so that everything’s nice and ready for the upcoming closed testing session. 

 First off, we finally have the ability to drink (or consume, if you enjoy eating glass) stat potions! Have a look: 

 *slurp slurp* 

 And of course, since we are on the topic of potions, we also had to bring in the potion storage itself. Here’s how it looks so far: 

 Who doesn’t love self-organizing storages? 

 As always, everything in this post is WIP and will most likely undergo some changes, but for now that’s all we have to show for today. If you have any feedback, feel free to share it with us—we’re always happy to listen—and of course, stay tuned for more posts to come. 

 Thank you for reading, and have a wonderful day. 🙂 

 Share this: Twitter Facebook Like this: Like Loading... 

 Related 

 Tagged aced aced games aced.gg biomes fallen gelatinous palace miniguy of patpot potion storage potions quaximi realms revenge revenge of the fallen rotf rotf.io stats the 

 Published by Quaximi 

 A lead designer here at ACED. :) 
 View all posts by Quaximi 

 Published 
 September 7, 2020 

</article